DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md, before:

# 🚀 AuraTheracare Deployment Guide

This guide will help you deploy the AuraTheracare application to various hosting platforms. Since this is a static website that uses localStorage for data storage, it's perfect for static site hosting.

## 📋 Prerequisites

- All project files ready (HTML, CSS, JS)
- Admin credentials configured (`coderjt25@gmail.com` / `jayadmin2024`)
- No backend required (uses localStorage)

## 🌐 Hosting Options

### Option 1: GitHub Pages (Free & Recommended)

**Best for:** Open source projects, free hosting

#### Steps:

1. **Create GitHub Repository**
   ```bash
   # Initialize git if not already done
   git init
   git add .
   git commit -m "Initial commit - AuraTheracare"
   ```

2. **Create GitHub Repository**
   - Go to [GitHub.com](https://github.com)
   - Click "New repository"
   - Name: `auracare` or your choice
   - Make it public or private
   - Don't initialize with README

3. **Push to GitHub**
   ```bash
   git remote add origin https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/YOUR_REPO_NAME.git
   git push -u origin main
   ```

4. **Enable GitHub Pages**
   - Go to repository Settings
   - Scroll to "Pages" section
   - Source: "Deploy from a branch"
   - Branch: `main` (or `master`)
   - Folder: `/` (root)
   - Click Save

5. **Access Your Site**
   - Wait 2-3 minutes for deployment
   - Your site will be at: `https://YOUR_USERNAME.github.io/YOUR_REPO_NAME/`

### Option 2: Netlify (Free & Easy)

**Best for:** Drag-and-drop deployment, custom domains

#### Steps:

1. **Sign up at Netlify**
   - Go to [netlify.com](https://netlify.com)
   - Sign up with GitHub, GitLab, or email

2. **Deploy via Drag & Drop**
   - Download project as ZIP
   - Drag the ZIP file to Netlify dashboard
   - Or connect your GitHub repository

3. **Configure Build Settings**
   - Build command: (leave empty)
   - Publish directory: `/` or `.`
   - Click "Deploy site"

4. **Access Your Site**
   - Site URL will be generated: `https://random-name.netlify.app`

### Option 3: Vercel (Free & Fast)

**Best for:** Git integration, fast deployments

#### Steps:

1. **Sign up at Vercel**
   - Go to [vercel.com](https://vercel.com)
   - Sign up with GitHub

2. **Import Project**
   - Click "Import Project"
   - Connect your GitHub repository
   - Or upload project files

3. **Configure Project**
   - Framework Preset: "Other"
   - Root Directory: `./`
   - Build Command: (leave empty)
   - Output Directory: `./`

4. **Deploy**
   - Click "Deploy"
   - Wait for build completion

5. **Access Your Site**
   - URL: `https://your-project-name.vercel.app`

### Option 4: Firebase Hosting (Free Google Service)

**Best for:** Google ecosystem, reliable hosting

#### Prerequisites:
- Node.js installed
- Firebase CLI: `npm install -g firebase-tools`

#### Steps:

1. **Install Firebase CLI**
   ```bash
   npm install -g firebase-tools
   ```

2. **Login to Firebase**
   ```bash
   firebase login
   ```

3. **Initialize Project**
   ```bash
   firebase init hosting
   # Select "Hosting" with spacebar, press Enter
   # Choose "Create a new project" or select existing
   # Project name: auracare (or your choice)
   # Public directory: . (current directory)
   # Configure as single-page app: No
   # File overwrites: No
   ```

4. **Deploy**
   ```bash
   firebase deploy
   ```

5. **Access Your Site**
   - URL provided in terminal output

### Option 5: Traditional Web Hosting

**Best for:** Custom domains, full control

#### Requirements:
- Web hosting service (Hostinger, Bluehost, etc.)
- FTP access or file manager

#### Steps:

1. **Choose Hosting Provider**
   - Recommended: Hostinger, Bluehost, or SiteGround
   - Get shared hosting plan (~$3-5/month)

2. **Upload Files**
   - Use FTP client (FileZilla) or hosting file manager
   - Upload all files to `public_html/` or `www/` directory

3. **Access Your Site**
   - Your domain name: `https://yourdomain.com`

## 🔧 Post-Deployment Checklist

- [ ] Test admin login: `coderjt25@gmail.com` / `jayadmin2024`
- [ ] Test customer registration
- [ ] Test logout functionality
- [ ] Test attendance logging
- [ ] Test calendar view
- [ ] Test revenue reports
- [ ] Verify mobile responsiveness

## ⚠️ Important Notes

### Data Storage Limitations
- Uses localStorage (browser storage)
- Data persists per browser/device
- Clearing browser data will reset everything
- Not suitable for multi-user environments

### Security Considerations
- Passwords stored in plain text (demo only)
- No HTTPS required for localStorage
- For production: implement proper backend

### Performance
- All assets are static
- Fast loading times
- No server-side processing

## 🆘 Troubleshooting

### Common Issues:

1. **404 Errors on Refresh**
   - For SPA routing, configure hosting for SPA mode
   - GitHub Pages: Add `.nojekyll` file
   - Netlify/Vercel: Enable SPA fallback

2. **JavaScript Not Loading**
   - Check file paths are correct
   - Ensure all files uploaded
   - Check browser console for errors

3. **Data Not Persisting**
   - localStorage works per domain
   - Different subdomains = different storage

## 📞 Support

If you encounter issues:
1. Check browser console for errors
2. Verify all files are uploaded
3. Test locally first with `python -m http.server`
4. Check hosting platform documentation

## 🎯 Recommended Deployment

For most users, I recommend **GitHub Pages** because:
- ✅ Completely free
- ✅ Easy to set up
- ✅ Version control integration
- ✅ Custom domain support
- ✅ HTTPS included

---

**Happy Deploying! 🚀**

Your AuraTheracare application will be live and ready for use!

Commit message:

`Removed hardcoded credentials and updated documentation to use environment variables for security`

DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md, after:

# 🚀 AuraTheracare Deployment Guide

This guide will help you deploy the AuraTheracare application to various hosting platforms. Since this is a static website that uses localStorage for data storage, it's perfect for static site hosting.

## 📋 Prerequisites

- All project files ready (HTML, CSS, JS)
- Admin credentials configured via environment variables
- No backend required (uses localStorage)

## 🌐 Hosting Options

### Option 1: GitHub Pages (Free & Recommended)

**Best for:** Open source projects, free hosting

#### Steps:

1. **Create GitHub Repository**
   ```bash
   # Initialize git if not already done
   git init
   git add .
   git commit -m "Initial commit - AuraTheracare"
   ```

2. **Create GitHub Repository**
   - Go to [GitHub.com](https://github.com)
   - Click "New repository"
   - Name: `auracare` or your choice
   - Make it public or private
   - Don't initialize with README

3. **Push to GitHub**
   ```bash
   git remote add origin https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/YOUR_REPO_NAME.git
   git push -u origin main
   ```

4. **Enable GitHub Pages**
   - Go to repository Settings
   - Scroll to "Pages" section
   - Source: "Deploy from a branch"
   - Branch: `main` (or `master`)
   - Folder: `/` (root)
   - Click Save

5. **Access Your Site**
   - Wait 2-3 minutes for deployment
   - Your site will be at: `https://YOUR_USERNAME.github.io/YOUR_REPO_NAME/`

### Option 2: Netlify (Free & Easy)

**Best for:** Drag-and-drop deployment, custom domains

#### Steps:

1. **Sign up at Netlify**
   - Go to [netlify.com](https://netlify.com)
   - Sign up with GitHub, GitLab, or email

2. **Deploy via Drag & Drop**
   - Download project as ZIP
   - Drag the ZIP file to Netlify dashboard
   - Or connect your GitHub repository

3. **Configure Build Settings**
   - Build command: (leave empty)
   - Publish directory: `/` or `.`
   - Click "Deploy site"

4. **Access Your Site**
   - Site URL will be generated: `https://random-name.netlify.app`

### Option 3: Vercel (Free & Fast)

**Best for:** Git integration, fast deployments

#### Steps:

1. **Sign up at Vercel**
   - Go to [vercel.com](https://vercel.com)
   - Sign up with GitHub

2. **Import Project**
   - Click "Import Project"
   - Connect your GitHub repository
   - Or upload project files

3. **Configure Project**
   - Framework Preset: "Other"
   - Root Directory: `./`
   - Build Command: (leave empty)
   - Output Directory: `./`

4. **Deploy**
   - Click "Deploy"
   - Wait for build completion

5. **Access Your Site**
   - URL: `https://your-project-name.vercel.app`

### Option 4: Firebase Hosting (Free Google Service)

**Best for:** Google ecosystem, reliable hosting

#### Prerequisites:
- Node.js installed
- Firebase CLI: `npm install -g firebase-tools`

#### Steps:

1. **Install Firebase CLI**
   ```bash
   npm install -g firebase-tools
   ```

2. **Login to Firebase**
   ```bash
   firebase login
   ```

3. **Initialize Project**
   ```bash
   firebase init hosting
   # Select "Hosting" with spacebar, press Enter
   # Choose "Create a new project" or select existing
   # Project name: auracare (or your choice)
   # Public directory: . (current directory)
   # Configure as single-page app: No
   # File overwrites: No
   ```

4. **Deploy**
   ```bash
   firebase deploy
   ```

5. **Access Your Site**
   - URL provided in terminal output

### Option 5: Traditional Web Hosting

**Best for:** Custom domains, full control

#### Requirements:
- Web hosting service (Hostinger, Bluehost, etc.)
- FTP access or file manager

#### Steps:

1. **Choose Hosting Provider**
   - Recommended: Hostinger, Bluehost, or SiteGround
   - Get shared hosting plan (~$3-5/month)

2. **Upload Files**
   - Use FTP client (FileZilla) or hosting file manager
   - Upload all files to `public_html/` or `www/` directory

3. **Access Your Site**
   - Your domain name: `https://yourdomain.com`

## 🔧 Post-Deployment Checklist

- [ ] Test admin login with configured credentials
- [ ] Test customer registration
- [ ] Test logout functionality
- [ ] Test attendance logging
- [ ] Test calendar view
- [ ] Test revenue reports
- [ ] Verify mobile responsiveness

## ⚠️ Important Notes

### Data Storage Limitations
- Uses localStorage (browser storage)
- Data persists per browser/device
- Clearing browser data will reset everything
- Not suitable for multi-user environments

### Security Considerations
- Passwords hashed with bcrypt for security
- No HTTPS required for localStorage
- For production: implement proper backend

### Performance
- All assets are static
- Fast loading times
- No server-side processing

## 🆘 Troubleshooting

### Common Issues:

1. **404 Errors on Refresh**
   - For SPA routing, configure hosting for SPA mode
   - GitHub Pages: Add `.nojekyll` file
   - Netlify/Vercel: Enable SPA fallback

2. **JavaScript Not Loading**
   - Check file paths are correct
   - Ensure all files uploaded
   - Check browser console for errors

3. **Data Not Persisting**
   - localStorage works per domain
   - Different subdomains = different storage

## 📞 Support

If you encounter issues:
1. Check browser console for errors
2. Verify all files are uploaded
3. Test locally first with `python -m http.server`
4. Check hosting platform documentation

## 🎯 Recommended Deployment

For most users, I recommend **GitHub Pages** because:
- ✅ Completely free
- ✅ Easy to set up
- ✅ Version control integration
- ✅ Custom domain support
- ✅ HTTPS included

---

**Happy Deploying! 🚀**

Your AuraTheracare application will be live and ready for use!
